beans instances can be controlled by changing the value of---scope--- attribute in the bean tag



java programming annotations are  supproted by spring container


package that provides multipart functionality in spring--->ans:org.springframework.web.multipart


which of the folwing is used toexceute query for static sql to read the resultset with a reseultsetextrctor


spring Integration testing jar--->ans:spring-integration-test



jdbc delete query syntax--->ans:update



benfits of aspects programming-->all of the above



this.jdbcTemplate.get() syntax


auto poplate in spring

what is datasource in spring

which of the follwing is not type of advice in spring.(aop)

spring boot is opinionated or not. true

wht do u mean by dependency injection?

diff btn simple jdbc termplate and jdbc termplate

what is aspect in spring?defn

diff btn point cut and join point

scope of stateless bean in spring. singleton

@controller can be applied for methods? no

which class is connect spring with structs

what is the root level package for email support--->.mail

structs2 and spring integration


@TRANSACTIONAL on CLASS level applies to wht methods?

which annotation must be applied to service cls to mke transactional 

what interface provides simpleway for transactional code to control transaction

Types of advices in SpringAOP

Method Replacer interface

Spring Http Invoker

Which strategy that allows java spring allows serialisation

Which Build Tools supported by spring Boot framework out of box?

return type of destroy methoid?? ans: void

Before advice in spring

How to declare 3 tier mvc layer ?

What is Hibernate Template class

Lazy and eager fetching in spring

Java bean property is automatically populated by???

Default autowire behaviour in spring

insert statement in jdbctemplate?

Can spring boot application handle multiple requests simultaneously??

Response processor in oracle alert?

to register a object that are created outside the container in spring??

caching is a default mechanism in jdbctemplate-->true or false

delegation proxy class

linking struts and spring with delegation action proxy

delegate struts action management helpful for spring integration

transaction isolation

jdbctemplate is threadsafe or not?

return type of getUrl--->ans: public URL getUrl()extends IoException

filenotfoundexception in spring

Which is the default handler mapping used by dispatcher servlet??

static factory method in spring declaration--->ans:Factory


devtools supported by--->false

 
internalResourceViewResolver maps incoming request to relevant controller true or false 


methods available in jdbctemplate class 
 































